otin malake - This player lost to a Lux as Talon mid and blamed our jungler for having no dragons. No counter pushes or assasinations to blance out Lux roams.

tempvlfaawwcucbl - Incompetent scripter. This player manages to dodge all my Qs but walks into turrets and enemy teams with a numbers disadvantage. Once, this player walked into a turret trying to dodge.

FhaZe - No response to pings for baron despite me spamming for 2 minutes and enemy team only haveing two dragons.

UntamedSupermacy - No repsonse to alert pings for baron. Went to gank top lane despite top being behind and mid ahead.

Neekolas - As Darius, went AFK after contributing four deaths and one kill. Name-calling in all-chat after the loss.

E Tooth Gaming - As Yasuo, fed a total of 14 kills. Kept going in with no backup and missed Qs even point blank.

Great Tempest - Garen. Lost 1 v 1 versus Irelia despite having ignite and Irelia having TP. Kept trying to fight and asking for ganks.

Simp4KimDahyun - Fed the midlane Kai Sa as Katarina then did nothing. Still moved around the map to prevent ability to remake or mitigate loss.

I am Kim Dahyun - Teemo. Fed Nasus 1-11 and still took camps for no reason. Not pre-emptive, took them while wave could be pushed. No communication.

Grêen Lantern - Locked in Fiora despite being support. No consent from our top. Went to duo-lane top.

Sligo - As Pantheon support, went top and lost the lane. Bottom lane lost as well.

Mc 1 Mid Only - Picked Katarina as support and forced a two-champion mid.

Mr BunnyGod - Draven. Fed 5 kills bottom then went top to steal CS.

ƒaƒa G O M S - Lucian. Assigned support, forced Lucian mid. Only our hard-carry top saved us.

AI Muk - Poppy. AFK after 5 deaths, no kills.

Foohkyoh - Ezreal. Picked Ezreal as support and took CS from Aphelios.

T0UJ0U K0J0U - Banned my declared Karthus pick. Went five minutes with no items.

CIA Yamikaze - Picked Zed despite being assigned support. Gave us easy win.

Jason Terrence - Picked Ryze despite being assigned support and went midlane with their Lux. Easy no-brain win.

Mathaios JaZ Kng - Went AFK for three minutes while we had Elder. Started moving immediately after enemy reached our base just to get killed.

decktecttive - Went AFK after feeding a Fiora as Yone. Lost 2 kills early, died after my failed gank, went AFK.

IceMaKe14 - Went five levels down and gave 17 kills. No response to pings.

_co_ber - Picked Skarner mid and Fed after giving four kills. Did not want me to take his CS.

WHAMMMY - Picked Kha Zix mid, complained when he did not get ganks. Enemy Viktor had priority most of the game.

Jð ßêllê - Morgana. Intentionally went AFK for one minute to allow super minions to kill our base towers and for our Akali to die. No response to pings.

SUMMONERS XIAN - Lux. Banned my declared pick, insisted on objectives with health/power deficit.

ENGRACIAL29 - Jax. Went AFK for five minutes and did not move even after we got shutdowns during the enemy baron push.

K4nji - Rammus. This player fed at least five kills to our team after dying thrice. There were other kills by going into tower after taking damage or simply standing still an not dodging damage.

Aeòlus - As Riven, lost three kills to Jax and started roaming without pushing top. Took jungle camps and tried to gank.

qwertykit24 - As Renggar, took dragon without mid priority and with a losing bottom lane. Fed three kills. Went AFK after losing herald.

desind N ame - Lee Sin top. Spam pinged JNG after losing solo twice and once to a gank. Fed kills after that by selling items andfighting with only Doran's Rings.

Zhyan Lee - Xin Zhao. Ignored pings to stop pushing versus an MF and Thresh bot. Kept diving in against multiple enemies with no support, once during team shove of lanes to prep Baron. Name-calling and blaming in chat for his stupid deaths or lost objectives.

pusangINAnyo - Sona. Used heal with 60% health then ignite on me while I was 50% health. Roamed randomly after dying.

Project DIVA ƒ - Vi. During late game, 30 minutes onward, went opposite objectives (top -> bottom and vice versa) for jungle camps or minions. No pings, late response to pings. Had chat enabled but did not give signals or helpful responses.

lorenzo1017 - Yone. Lost lane to Irelia despite Irelia having to leash and him not leashing me. Took jungle camps when he had minions to push. No repsonse to pings for baron despite last two enemies absent. Irelia was at dragon, Morgana contested baron.

LemonJuicy - As Sivir, lost to a Caitlyn - Galio despite Galio taking teleport and Sivir having a Lux support. No pushing when enemy carries were away. Did not shove when low health, tried to last hit with low health.

Las but diff - Assigned support but insisted on being given JNG. Hovered non-support champions and picked Mordekaiser. I accepted because enemy JNG was Kha'Zix.

mahilig sa dede - Lost to a Kai' Sa jungle as Lee Sin. Kept ganking our 3-1 losing bottom. No proper retreat.

MvES 尼卡 - As a support, picked Zeri even when I wrote in chat that I would paly Karthus bottom. Roamed without letting me push out the wave at least thrice. Fed kills and wasted a summoner spell in 2 out of 3 roams.

BattlinBasic - As toplane Malphite, left lane after dying twice to ganks and tried to take buff camps. No wave pushouts during his perma-roaming.

Mighty Zeus - Kalista. Banned Senna even when it was my declared pick. Went AFK after dying thrice.

AyessaJoy - Despite being Gold IV with 28 wins, this player picked Ashe support and then refused to leash. He kept moving into the enemy team without vision, backup, and reason. Gifted 14 deaths, had 0 kills, and six assists.

mhozo004 - This unranked player picked Teemo mid in Gold elo. He disconnected at 10 minutes then reconnected later without helping push, take objectives, or do anything.

RorouniKimchi - This player asked to swap roles out of JNG. He accepted support and picked MF with barrier. They still lost to a Jinx-Amumu. During the last fight, MF stood still to allow the enemy to end.

dako akong o10 - Ekko. This player sold all his items and stood in the Nexus for at least ten minutes so that we would lose. There was still a chance to win since the kills and minions looked even. He was also leading by fifteen kills.

RIYOTA - As Udyr, this player kept requesting a swap with our Ekko. Ekko was even with the enemy Vex but this player already lost two kills to the Jax. After laning, Udyr kept taking the red buff instead of shoving his lane. In the end he was down ten kills and forty-eight CS.

ArchibaldFast - This player scripted as Xerath. Typically, he tip-toed around skillshots even after dodging them. Xerath landed skillshots without vision.

NH Cyclopes - Zed support. After swapping pick order, the NH Cyclopes locked in Zed. In-game, the player died four times and then left at the ten-minute mark.

看看这个 - As Yi, this player refused to trade objectives despite pings and map vision of the enemy team on the opposite side of his map area. The player also took CS from other lanes and went into two fights without backup. 14670206

OUTCAST 1219 - Assigned support. Picked Neeko and gave nine free deaths. Kept pushing and taking CS despite my pings and chat. One game later, he was on the enemy team and gave two kills up to our mid. Later, the player swapped with their top and our Zoe got even more fed. The Vayne was also losing to our Teemo.

LL Pro Zedster - As Cho'Gath, this player kept forcing kills using proto-belt versus our two players. Player was already down by three deaths and no kills. He had no ult and did not get close enough before appearing. Final score: 3-14-8. Later, LL Pro... blamed their Kayne for not contesting baron despite our double super minions.

Lord Theodore - Two games in a row, lost lane by picking complicated champions (Azir, Gangplank) against easier enemies (Naafiri, Teemo). Second game, banned my declared Karthus bot lane pick.

Yenii - This player went AFK in time for a consecutive enemy baron and dragon.

The KungFu Tai - This player shoed bot-like behaviour: firing very quick W's with no lead at all but having very quick Q and auto combos. Fed at least five kills early game by going into a Gwen. Kept splitting away from objectives without TP or picking fights without numbers advantage.

-------------
Low Priority:

McLovín - Katarina. This player claimed counterpicking using Malphite was "cringe" and got baited into a flame war. He claims to be an aviation student.

Nice One Love U - As Yasuo, he lost lane to a Kassadin after one visit from the enemy support. He died to another gank despite pings and another immediately after the enemy took the herald.

Beyond Rage - This player picked Milio without having any master or hours played on it. He got a 0-9-9 KDA and still blamed us for losing despite the Vayne being fed. The Evelyn and Qiyana got at least one kill each bot lane.

Shawntell - After his support died to our invade and he died in lane around five minutes later, he fed two kills. One was an execute while wasting his heal, the other was by walking up and not attacking.

A Class Lhenel - As Jhin, this player stood still for five to ten minutes just so we would lose our Nexus.

RIZZ GOD GERD - This player has 160 thousand mastery points on Yasuo ang 100 thousand points on two others. After losing lane, this player left the game. GERD went 0-3-0 against an Aatrox despite supposedly reaching tier three in the Bilgewater cup. This is either a smurf used for testing or is boosted.
